1-1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
   that was introduced?

	My Reflections:
	1. Comparing the old and new files, line by line, or even word by word,
		gives a clear indication of the changes done between the 2 files
	2. Going by the changes done in the new file, it becomes easy to spot
		the bug that is present as a difference


1-2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
   efficient programmer in the long term?
	Ans : I can easily check the difference between the files
		I revert back to some older version
		I can safely try out something new and if things fail, then
		simply go back to the previous version
		I can keep track of the small increments of changes that I do

1-3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
   a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
   like Google docs does?
	Ans :	Pros : Saves me from having illogical commits
   		Cons :  User should be aware of the end of a logical piece of
			code
			User should remember to make commits at logical points

1-4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
   multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
   file separately?
   	Ans : To save the context of the change. All modified files belong to a
	      single context of for the change.


1-5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
   files ?
   	Ans : To view the list of all changes made in a repository use git log
		This lists the messages entered while committing the changes
		Go through the messages to find out the commit of your interest

	      To view the difference between any 2 commits, especially around
	      the commit you are interested in, you can use git diff
	      git diff takes old-id and new-id of the commits as inputs

1-6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
   could break something?
   	Ans : Once we are into the habit of committing working code, we can
	      always fallback to an older version of code, when encountered
	      with errors.
	      The method of reverting our changes back to a working set of
	      files, gives us the confidence to make changes that could
	      break something

1-7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
   for?
   	Ans : I want to use Git to maintaining various versions of my code
2-1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	Ans : When we initialize a repository, a .git directory is created
		that contains the meta-data for all the files in the
		repository. This meta-data is used by Git
	      We need to initialize a repository to tell Git, which set of
	      files or directories we want it to keep track of

2-2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
   repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Ans : Staging area contains all the files from the working directory
		that we want to be added to the repository.
		We can use this as a temporary location before actually adding
		the new files to the repository

		I am really not sure what value the staging area offers

2-3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
   logical change?
   	Ans : git commit copies the changes from staging area to the 
	      repository. After completing all the changes, one can move only
	      the files that are part of a logical change to the staging area
	      and then commit them. After this, they can then add another set
	      of files that belong to another logical change to the staging
	      area. 

	      This way, we can keep adding logical changes to the staging area
	      and then go ahead and commit them all together into a single
	      commit


2-4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
   history organized? How would branches help?
   	Ans : Branches would be helpful when we want to do some experiemental
		changes that we do not want to be part of our main line of code
		
		Branches would help in this scenario, since changes done in the
		branch do not affect any other branch including the master


2-5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Ans : Diagrams show the exact points where each branch diverges
		It also shows us any unreachable commits


2-6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
   in the diagram the way we do?
   	Ans : When we merge two branches, the changes from one branch are 
	      introduced into the other branch.

	      It is to depict this fact, that we show the merged object
	      pointing to two parents


2-7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
   merges manually?
	Ans : Pros : Saves time while merging trivial differences
	      Cons : Takes more time to learn the new syntax of how Git
	      		represents conflicts

3-1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
   work local?
Ans : When working from multiple machines, locations, or when someone else has
      access to add or modify data to my repository

3-2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
   automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Ans : I would not want to overwrite changes from remote onto my local changes
      Unless, my local repository is only a read-only repository, I would not
      like to automatically update with my remote repository

3-3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
   use one instead of another?
Ans : Forks will be used when you want to create a branch of a project on
       github and the resultant branch is also to be present on github first
      Clones will be used when you want to create a copy of a repository from
       another git repository. This might exist either on github or anywhere
       else
      Branches will be used when you want to do some changes to existing code
       without impacting the main branch

3-4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
   stored locally?
Ans : With a copy of that last known state of the remote repository, it is
       to find the difference of our changes done locally while offline
      Also, it is easy to fix conflicts when we pull code from remote

3-5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
   and what would be harder?
Ans : Collaborating with Git and Github would need something like svn.
       We could use patch or diff files to review changes for collaboration
      Git and Github for collaboration looks easier, atleast for the text file
       changes shown in this video. But not very sure about real code changes

3-6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
   directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Ans : Once my master is ready for shipment, I wouldnt want to touch it.
      Any changes that I want in the code either for bug fixing or new features
      should have to be first done in the branch. Get them tested out in the
      branch. And only after all the changes are good to go, should they be
      merged back into the master
